PSMDB-1250 Release notes 4.4.21-20 (#703)
percona/psmdb-docs: docs/release_notes/4.4.21-20.md

# Percona Server for MongoDB 4.4.21-20 (2023-05-04)

| **Release date** | May 4, 2023 |
|----------------- | ---------------- | 
| **Installation** | [Installing Percona Server for MongoDB](../install/index.md)|

Percona Server for MongoDB 4.4.21-20 is a source available, highly-scalable database that is a
fully-compatible, drop-in replacement for MongoDB 4.4.20 Community Edition and MongoDB 4.4.21 Community Edition enhanced [with enterprise-grade features](../comparison.md).

It supports protocols and drivers of both MongoDB 4.4.20 and 4.4.21.

> This release of Percona Server for MongoDB includes the improvements and bug fixes of MongoDB  Community Edition 5.0.16 and 5.0.17.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release of Percona Server for MongoDB includes the improvements and bug fixes of MongoDB  Community Edition 4.4.20 and 4.4.21.
```

* [SERVER-75205](https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/SERVER-75205) - Fixed deadlock between `stepdown` and `restoring` locks after yielding when all read tickets exhausted
* [WT-9500](https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/WT-9500) - Prevent rollback to stable operation to generate wrong updates/tombstones by always reading the cell time window information to decide the history store update visibility.
* [SERVER-73229](https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/SERVER-73229) - Fixed the issue with early kills of the cursor during the logical session cache refresh by properly handling write errors.
* [SERVER-75261](https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/SERVER-75261) - Added accounting for array element overhead for "listCollections", "listIndexes", "_shardsvrCheckMetadataConsistencyParticipant" commands
* [SERVER-75431](https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/SERVER-75431) - Improved the rename path behavior for a collection in sharded clusters by fixing the check for the databases to reside on the same primary shard 
* [SERVER-76098](https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/SERVER-76098) - Allowed queries with search and non-simple collations

> Find the full list of changes in the [MongoDB 4.4.20 Community Edition release notes](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/v4.4/release-notes/4.4/#4.4.20---apr-10--2023) and [MongoDB 4.4.21 Community Edition release notes](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/v4.4/release-notes/4.4/#4.4.21---apr-10--2023)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find the full list of changes in the [MongoDB 4.4.20 Community Edition release notes](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/v4.4/release-notes/4.4/#4.4.20---apr-10--2023) and [MongoDB 4.4.21 Community Edition release notes](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/v4.4/release-notes/4.4/#4.4.21---april-27--2023)
```
